[ Reagan ]
Air and naval forces
of the United States...
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities–
[ Reporter ]
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
[ Reagan ] He has sanctioned
acts of terror in Africa,
Europe and the Middle East.
This will not stand,
this aggression against Kuwait.
[ Reagan ]
...his relentless pursuit
of terror.
[ Bush ]
We will make no distinction–
[ Reporter ] The U.S.S.  Cole
was attacked while refueling
in the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next number we’re gonna
swing for you is one
of the good ol’ favorites.
- [ Speaking Arabic ]
- ...until something stops him.
[ Carrie ]
It was right in front of my
eyes, and I never saw it coming.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
[ Man ]
We got a plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
[ Man #2 ]
...thousands of people running–
We must, and we will, remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
[ Speaking Arabic ]
[ Saul Whispering ] You’re
the smartest and the dumbest
fucking person I’ve ever known.
[ Arabic Continues ]
[ Carrie ] I’m not the one
who got it wrong. I’m the only
one who got it right.
[ Saul ]
Take ’em.
Take ’em all.
[ Man ]
Roll every available ambulance
you’ve got to this position.
[ Police Sirens Wailing ]
[ Saul ]
Previously on  Homeland.
Saul, I didn’t expect you
back tonight.
This is Alain Bernard.
Alain Bernard admitted to
being an asset
of Israeli intelligence.
Put him in a dark fucking hole.
It’s time we talk about
Nasser Hejazi,
whose name you used to embezzle
more than $45 million.
You are now an enemy
of your own state.
I got plans for you.
- What plans?
- I’m gonna play you
back into Iran.
From now on,
you work for us.
I have a play.
It involves Brody.
What’s your big idea?
Danesh Akbari.
- Head of Iran’s
Revolutionary Guard?
- Right.
- Javadi’s boss.
- Brody can get to him.
[ Brody ]
The guys get me to the border
where I surrender myself?
[ Scott ]
Correct.
[ Carrie ]
What just happened?
We are under heavy fire.
Pull back! Pull back!
- I’m not going back.
- You can’t do this by yourself.
I’m 300 yards
from the border, Carrie.
I can make it.
You will die over there.
No, you’re wrong, Carrie.
’Cause you’re gonna
get me home.
No, don’t say that.
Do not put that on me.
It’s a fantasy.
You’ll find a way.
I have faith.
[ Speaks Farsi ]
Nicholas Brody.
[ Grunting ]
[ Speaking Farsi ]
I am wanted in America
for the bombing of the CIA...
[ Men Speaking Farsi ]
Brody made it across.
And you, Saul,
are still in the game.
I’ll be damned.
You have an uncle in Tehran.
Carrie, no.
Fara, we have
a brother agent
in the field.
Soon to be in mortal danger.
Don’t we owe him
every chance
to get out alive?
Are you ready?
Ready for what?
To go with me
to Tehran.
[ Door Buzzing, Lock Clacks ]
- Give us a few minutes.
- Yes, sir.
They let me out one hour a day
to exercise.
In a room that’s three feet
bigger than this.
Well, you spy
on us, that’s
what you get.
I’m not a spy.
We caught you
red-handed.
You caught me
with your wife.
You don’t want to be
antagonizing me.
Not when I’m here
to get you out.
What do you want?
I have an operation
in progress.
In Tehran.
The support team
for that operation
was forced to pull out.
Mossad has agents
on the ground there.
I need two of them.
You can ask Tel Aviv yourself.
No, no. They’d ask
a lot of questions
about the mission.
Questions I’m not prepared
to answer.
- It won’t be any different
if I ask.
- It better be.
’Cause it’s the only reason
I’m standing here talking to the
greaseball that fucked my wife.
No one
wants you here.
Not Mossad, not me.
Do everyone a favor.
Make this happen.
Abu Nazir arranged
my escape route for me.
I left Halifax
in a container on a freighter.
It took me to Colombia.
There I was taken by jeep
to Venezuela.
There was trouble
at the border.
That’s when
I was shot.
By?
I don’t know.
Someone trying
to collect the reward.
And then?
I told you.
They took me to Caracas.
To this slum.
Where you became
an addict.
No. No, I was shot.
Here and here.
They used heroin on me
for the pain.
It wasn’t easy to stop,
but I did.
- How long did that take?
- A while.
- Do you have AIDS?
- No.
Have you been tested?
Why are we even
talking about this?
I don’t have AIDS.
I left Caracas
because I was gonna die there.
An imam helped me get out.
Get here, to Iran.
And I just want asylum.
I don’t understand why you’re
giving me such a hard time.
Is that what you think
we’re doing?
Giving you a hard time?
I’ve–
I’ve traveled so far,
and I almost didn’t make it,
and I just thought I’d–
I just thought I’d be safe here.
I just–
I just thought I’d be welcome.
Why?
Because of what I did.
Bombed Langley.
Their heart.
You think what?
We like traitors here?
No.
Who sent you?
No one. I told you.
I just want asylum.
I just wa–
Just want to rest.
- Should we take a break?
- Yes, please. Please.
No.
Go over it again.
[ Speaks Farsi ]
Merci.
Bonjour.
[ Speaking French ]
Madame?
Bezieux.
[ French ]
[ French Continues ]
Madame?
Voilà.
[ Continues In French ]
Ah.
Merci.
Merci pour vous, madame.
[ Speaking Farsi ]
They want you upstairs.
I’ve got a staff meeting
in 10 minutes, can’t it wait?
General Akbari
asked for you, sir.
[ Speaking Farsi ]
[ Buzzes ]
[ Man Speaks Farsi ]
Masud Sherazi?
Yes.
I’m a friend of your niece.
You have something for me?
Where is it?
First you tell me
what’s going on.
What did Fara
say to you?
That she needed a favor.
For your own protection,
that’s all you want to know.
And was this
for my protection?
Sending contraband
through customs
here to my house?
It never went
through customs.
It says–
No, those are our labels.
It came by diplomatic pouch
from Geneva.
You are C.I.A., aren’t you?
I’m a friend
of your niece’s.
So she’s C.I.A. too.
Working against her own country.
Working for her country.
She trusted you
to understand that.
She asked me
to give you this.
She wears the hijab
there in America?
I think her heart
is here still.
In Tehran.
And my brother.
Does he approve
what she’s doing?
My understanding is
he’s grown to accept it.
Thank you.
Tell me. Is there
anything else you need?
[ Phone Beeps ]
[ Speaking Farsi ]
[ Farsi ]
Merci.
[ Knocking ]
[ Man ]
You just said we were.
[ Brody ]
I’ve traveled so far.
[ Speaking Farsi ]
And I almost didn’t make it,
and I just thought I’d–
I thought I’d be safe here.
I just thought
I’d be welcome.
Why?
Because of what I did.
Bombed Langley.
[ Speaking Farsi ]
Do you believe him? That he’s
just looking for asylum.
We’re working still, to
verify parts of his story.
But do you believe him?
I’m not sure.
Someone presents themselves
at the border, I think
we need to be careful.
Should we take a break?
Yes, please. Please.
No. Go over it again.
[ Clicks Off ]
[ Speaking Farsi ]
You were soft on him.
I know.
If you really have doubts...
My feeling was,
he’s a guest here.
An important guest...
potentially,
with huge propaganda value.
The man who bombed Langley.
The US Marine
who bombed Langley.
The American hero
who said "no more."
He’s been tortured enough
for one lifetime...
I thought we shouldn’t
give him a hard time.
We need to be sure
we can trust him.
Before we let the world know
he’s here.
Yes sir, we do.
If I could make
a suggestion...
Maybe you should sit
with Brody,
and judge for yourself.
It’s worth considering, sir,
a matter of this importance.
[ Phone Beeping ]
[ Phone Ringing ]
You got the phone.
Yeah.
How was the uncle?
He was dodgy at first,
then okay.
How’d you make out?
Alain got Mossad to say yes.
Good.
I have two agents on the ground.
They’re ready to meet you.
- Both Iranian nationals.
- What do they know?
I told everyone
as little as possible.
You need to decide
how much to let them in.
I did tell them
they’ll be supporting
a close-quarters assassination.
And that you’ll
be needing a weapon.
Expect them to bring some
options to the first meeting.
I’d like to make it
at the uncle’s house.
You sure?
Yeah, it’s safe there.
I trust him.
I got a satellite
over your hotel right now.
I’m on the balcony.
Seventh floor.
Is that a head scarf
you’re wearing?
- You’re kidding, right?
- I can’t see crap.
It’s too dark.
[ Sighs ]
We haven’t heard much
from Javadi,
but we’re taking that
as a good thing.
They got Brody stashed
at a compound near Azadi Tower.
Apparently he’s
holding together.
Well enough anyway.
He survived three solid
days of interrogations.
Carrie?
What?
You good?
Uh, I should probably go.
It’s a–
It’s a big day tomorrow.
Okay.
Good night.
[ Beeps ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Man ]
We didn’t agree to this.
[ Carrie ]
Yeah, well, I was told we had
two assets ready to go.
- No names, no places.
- You will learn
when you need to.
I need to know now.
No, I need to know now
that I can trust you.
And so far nothing you’ve said
is making me think that.
We asked Mossad
for the two best men in Iran.
And they sent you and you.
Were they wrong?
This assassination,
you need help? Where?
[ Sighs ]
I don’t know yet.
When?
I’m not sure, but soon.
This is not how we work,
everything wait and see.
I will tell you this.
The target is the head
of the I.R.G.C.
Danesh Akbari?
- No one can get close to him.
- We can.
He’ll be taken down
by an American
already in place.
Our job is to get that man
to safety afterwards.
Can you do that?
They say no gun. Is cyanide.
This... American.
He will need to be
right next to Akbari.
[ Sighs ]
I understand that.
And Akbari will be guarded.
Yes. He travels
with a full security detail.
[ Speaking Farsi ]
We have C-4.
We can create a diversion.
But what about this?
Who will get this
to the American?
I’ll take care of it.
Madame Bezieux?
[ Speaking French ]
Yes, what is it?
Those men have asked about
to you.
I’m sure it’s routine.
[ French ]
Can I help you?
This way, please.
Where are we going?
Where are you taking me?
I’ve done nothing wrong.
I’m a guest in your country,
I have a right to know.
Quiet. Quiet!
I liked you better
as a blonde.
Was this really necessary?
What do you want?
Drinks in the lobby?
You’ve got the desk clerk
wondering about me now.
Remember, I didn’t
want you here at all.
The mission is Akbari.
That’s the mission.
What you’re here for,
getting Brody out,
strictly optional.
Are we agreed?
The mission is Akbari. Yes.
Good.
Something happened.
What?
Akbari never leaves
his office during the day.
Too risky, he says.
But he’s requested
a secure convoy for tomorrow.
He’s heading out.
Where?
No one’s saying.
But I told him yesterday
that he should really
talk to Brody in person.
So it’s on.
Is that it? The device?
Yeah.
Israeli.
Can you get it to Brody?
I’ll find a way.
[ Saul ]
Okay, listen up.
We have movement in Tehran.
We now expect closure
on our operation,
one way or another,
at approximately 9:00 a.m.
tomorrow local time.
Intelligence suggests
this will take place at
a compound near Azadi Tower...
where Brody is currently held.
The weapon, a cyanide needle,
is being delivered to him,
along with a plan
for his extraction.
Brody’s job
is to position himself...
in direct contact
with the target,
Danesh Akbari.
How does he get
past the guard?
He doesn’t.
The target comes to him.
We’re expecting
a personal encounter,
initiated by Akbari.
We have two Mossad agents
in place.
One with a direct sight line
into the compound from this
building here.
That agent will remotely
detonate a motorcycle bomb
in this alley...
at a moment when Brody
is proximal to Akbari.
At the very least,
in the same room.
The explosion
should generate
sufficient confusion...
to allow Brody
to take out the target...
and escape...
through this doorway
at the rear of the compound.
It provides a clear exit
to the street,
where our two agents
will be waiting in a vehicle.
If the rest follows plan,
Brody will be delivered
to a safe house outside Tehran
a few hours later.
Comments?
I’m aware,
it’s a lot of moving parts.
Where’s Carrie
in all this?
She’s done her job
putting together
an extraction plan.
Shouldn’t she be pulled out
before the event?
She doesn’t see it that way.
Okay.
Let’s get ready.
We have less
than 12 hours.
[ Sighs ]
[ Fan Whirring ]
Get up. Now.
What’s going on?
Get up and get dressed.
Quickly.
Why? What’s happening?
In these. Hurry.
- Where are my shoes?
- Shoes.
[ Sniffs, Clears Throat ]
Shoes. Hurry.
I think they’re moving.
- What do you mean?
- They’re taking him somewhere.
[ Speaking Farsi ]
[ Engine Starts ]
Shit. Get back here.
Saul, are you seeing this?
Brody’s being moved.
We see it.
Are they taking him to Akbari?
No. Akbari’s convoy left
the I.R.G.C. six minutes ago.
We thought he was
coming to you.
[ Saul ]
So where the fuck
is Brody going?
We need to follow them.
Your assassin
is Nicholas Brody?
Yes. Can we get moving?
The most wanted man
in the world? This was
not important for us to know?
Well, now you know.
Let’s go.
[ Engine Starts ]
Look at this. Akbari, Brody.
The convoys are converging.
[ Adal ]
Converging where?
An area called Darvazeh Ghar.
Akbari’s stopping. His men
are locking down the area.
[ Quinn ]
They’re on Rostami Street.
- Where’s Carrie?
- Two blocks behind Brody.
What is this place?
Almost there.
Akbari’s going inside
that house.
Find out who lives there.
Yeah, we’re looking.
Don’t just look.
Ask Javadi.
[ Quinn ]
The address is
421 Rostami Street.
Carrie, Akbari and Brody
are a hundred yards
ahead of you.
Meeting is on.
Stop here. Stop. Stop.
This is not a good idea.
We are not set up.
We are.
Brody’s meeting Akbari.
The only thing that’s changed
is the location.
Does Brody even know
we are here?
As soon as he hears
the explosion, he’ll know.
Yousef needs to find
a place now.
The best thing is
for us to back away.
Wait for a better chance.
There won’t be a better chance.
Do you understand?
Just do it.
Yousef.
[ Speaking Farsi ]
[ Yousef Speaking Farsi ]
- [ Speaking Farsi ]
- Diversion is set.
Your call, Carrie.
You’re the eyes on the ground.
[ Breathes Deeply ]
Yousef–
[ Continues In Farsi ]
[ Farsi ]
[ Men Shouting In Farsi ]
[ Engine Starts ]
- What the fuck is happening?
- [ Carrie ]
Akbari’s leaving.
They never met.
Akbari’s gone.
I think he’s going
inside the house.
For the last fucking time,
can we find out who lives there?
[ Woman Speaking
Foreign Language ]
Nicholas.
Saul, a message
from Javadi:
"421 Rostami
is owned by the I.R.G.C.
Current resident,
Nassrin Mughrabi."
Carrie, Brody is meeting
with Nassrin Mughrabi.
Nassrin. Who’s that?
[ Sighs ]
Abu Nazir’s widow.
Why did Akbari do this?
[ Saul ] Brody lived
in Nassrin’s house
for two years.
Akbari’s using her
to vet Brody.
When Akbari told me
you were here,
I couldn’t believe it.
But here you are. My Nicholas.
I had no idea
you were living in Tehran.
It’s been my home
since Nazir died.
I’m sorry, Nassrin.
There was no one like him.
No one.
But I can see
you have been through a lot.
When I last saw you,
you were like a soldier
going to war.
Now I’m a soldier
back from war.
With a victory.
It’s hard to see it
like that.
I lost so much.
Your family.
My daughter especially.
When I, uh–
When I completed the–
the plan that Allah...
had set out for me,
it destroyed her.
She tried to kill herself.
I’m sorry.
It is hard when
you don’t have faith.
She had faith.
She had faith that her
own father wouldn’t betray her
and make her life unlivable.
Nazir prepared you
for this.
He said that
if you were true to Allah,
you would find peace.
And you were true.
And so were you.
Have you found peace?
Sometimes. Yes.
But sometimes I ask why God
had to take my son...
and my husband
instead of me.
And then I feel like
your daughter did.
Life is unlivable.
But I survive.
It’s what we do.
Yes.
We crawl out of the rubble
and we gather up the bodies.
Why did you come to Tehran,
Nicholas?
I had nowhere else.
What do you want here?
I want to stop running.
[ Sighs ]
[ Chattering ]
[ Gate Unlatching ]
[ Applause ]
[ Men Shouting ]
Brody! Brody!
[ Men Speaking Farsi ]
[ Woman ]
What you doing here?
[ Woman #2 ]
Tell us what you’re doing here.
[ Man ] What–
What are you doing here?
[ Crowd Exclaiming ]
[ Crowd Quiets ]
By the grace of God,
I am here to seek asylum.
This is the only place
in the world
that I can find peace.
[ Crowd Cheering ]
Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar!
You are a big man
in Tehran, Brody.
A really big man now.
[ Farsi ]
[ Shouting In Farsi ]
Six Days Later
In your famous videotape,
you said, "I love my country."
Which I meant.
And yet America
declares you
an enemy of the state.
[ Brody ] There’s a wide gulf
between what America says it is
and what it actually is.
- What are you looking at?
- The most recent insult.
[ Interviewer ]
Does this explain your actions
on December 12?
[ Brody ]
It does. Yes.
[ Speaking Farsi ]
Brody learned enough Farsi
in one week to denounce us
on state television.
Standard "death to America"
fare.
[ Farsi ]
But I’m told his delivery
is pitch perfect.
President is furious.
I just got off the phone
with him.
He demanded action.
Yeah. I got the same call.
The Brody part of the operation
was always a long shot, Saul.
It was all a long shot.
And it worked.
Until now.
Brody’s never gonna get
anywhere near Akbari.
I know.
That’s straight from Javadi.
Brody’s been handed off
to their P.R. department.
Our window is closed.
So we just discard him?
We tried to extract him.
Brody didn’t even show up
for the rendezvous.
Now he’s spouting off
all over Tehran.
Bottom line,
Brody’s gone from asset
to serious liability.
I need to know
what he’s thinking.
It’s obvious
What he’s saying
on all those
YouTube videos.
Iran saved his life.
He loves them, hates us.
And you know what else?
Whatever he’s thinking today,
who’s to say what it will be
tomorrow?
He’s spending his days with the
same people who brainwashed him
in the first place.
And one thing we know
about Brody is this is a guy
who changes his mind.
You placed a major asset
inside the I.R.G.C.,
Majid Javadi.
That’s a huge victory
worth preserving.
Brody could expose him
at any moment,
and the simple fact is,
we can’t trust Brody.
We never could.
We need to end it.
You mean end Brody?
The president
wants this resolved.
[ Adal ]
We know where Brody prays
every day.
Mossad has some men
on the ground there.
It’s time.
Of course he’s bad-mouthing us.
What do you expect?
He’s doing what he needs to
to preserve his cover, Saul.
That’s all.
Calm down.
I’m just asking.
The plan changed.
So we do what we always do,
what he’s doing. We adjust.
We did adjust.
We tried lifting him
out of there. He blew us off.
Because he still thinks
the plan can work.
Is that what he’s saying?
- That’s what I’m saying.
- So he hasn’t
reached out to you?
No. We said all along
any contact with me
was too risky, right?
What’s going on?
It’s time you got on a plane
and came back.
We can’t just abandon him here.
Saul, I have been right
about him this whole time.
I know.
And we’ll talk it through
when you’re back.
Carrie?
Carrie, you hear me?
Yeah, sure. Bye.
Bye.
[ Phone Beeps ]
She’s not getting on
any plane.
I know.
Let’s get it done.
Do it now.
[ Whispers ]
Fuck.
Masud. It’s Carrie.
I need one more favor.
[ Chattering ]
Salaam.
[ Speaking Farsi ]
A friend
will call you now.
[ Farsi ]
Will you wait inside for me
a moment, please? Thank you.
[ Phone Ringing ]
Yes?
[ Carrie ] It’s me.
I’m across the courtyard.
Brody, I have a car.
I need to get you out of Tehran.
I told them already,
I don’t want to leave.
I know.
And it made them nervous.
Nervous,
what’s that mean?
I’m not sure.
No one would tell me.
But I think they’re–
They’re cutting their losses
to protect Javadi.
Cutting their losses?
I said I’m not sure.
Meaning me?
[ Adal ]
That’s him.
[ Lockhart ]
Looks like he’s on the phone.
Where’s Mossad?
Please, just come with me.
Just get in the car.
What– And go where?
Anywhere. Please.
Please, just come with me now.
As soon as we’re
clear of Tehran,
we can regroup.
Regroup for what?
To make another fucked-up plan?
No. We just need to leave.
Will you stop saying that?
"Leave. Leave." Leave where?
I have nowhere to go, Carrie.
I can’t go back to the States.
Well, we’ll go somewhere else.
And do what, hide out?
So they’re hunting us both?
I have contacts.
I’ve been through that already,
Carrie.
I won’t do it again.
And I won’t do it to you.
[ Quinn ]
And there’s the tag team.
[ Whispering ]
Brody, please.
Shit. It’s happening.
- What?
- Behind you from the mosque.
There’s two men. One in
a dark shirt and khaki pants,
the other in a leather jacket.
Stay on the phone
and I will talk you through.
He’s moving.
Brody.
Just get out of here.
Someone warned him.
Who?
She wouldn’t
fucking dare.
[ Phone Rings ]
[ Ringing Continues ]
What?
- You really fucked up
this time.
- He’s working for us.
The plan failed.
So you send a hit squad?
We tried to recall him.
He said no.
Thanks to you, he’s loose
on the streets of Tehran
doing God knows what.
We got a major asset
on the line here.
You get yourself
on the next plane out of there.
Tell me you understand.
[ Phone Beeps ]
[ Panting ]
Salaam.
Salaam. Salaam.
[ Speaking Farsi ]
Please, tell her.
Tell her right now.
It’s very important.
Nicholas?
[ Foreign Language ]
I wasn’t expecting you.
I’m sorry. Nassrin,
I need your help.
-What happened?
Are you all right?
-Somebody just tried to kill me.
My God.
I need to talk
to Danesh Akbari.
Danesh, he is
a very private man.
I have–
I have information
about Majid Javadi that he
absolutely needs to know.
Okay? It’s very important.
Please, Nassrin, please.
Okay?
All right.
All right, I’ll tell him.
[ Men Speaking Farsi ]
[ Farsi Continues ]
[ Farsi ]
Got a message
from Javadi.
Brody just showed up
at the Revolutionary Guard
headquarters.
- [ Lockhart ] What’s he doing?
- Javadi said he was escorted
by Akbari’s men.
He’s going to Akbari.
Brody knows we just tried
to kill him.
He’s gonna burn
the whole fucking thing down.
Nassrin told me
you were upset.
That you wanted
to talk to me.
Yes, sir.
You know,
it was here in this office
that I first heard your name.
Abu Nazir told me about you,
what a jewel he had found.
What a sword for Allah.
Why would anyone
want to kill
such a treasure?
To stop me
telling you about Javadi.
What about Javadi?
He wants your job.
You think I don’t know that?
The C.I.A. has planned it
for him.
The C.I.A.?
Even Javadi wouldn’t work
with the C.I.A.
Well, he is.
They found out he embezzled
millions from the I.R.G.C.
They own him.
You were on the run.
How could you know
what the Americans
are doing?
Because I was part of it.
I was to come here to Tehran...
to get close to you.
- And when you got close?
- They wanted me
to take you out.
So they could replace you
with Javadi.
Those were my orders.
But you don’t want to obey
those orders.
That’s why
you came to me.
I came here to redeem myself.
And you have.
You have.
Thank you, Nicholas.
I will deal with Javadi.
You spoke with Abu Nazir
about me?
In this room?
Yes.
How he would send you
against America.
A sword to strike
the heart of our enemy.
Good.
It all started here.
[ Grunts ]
[ Grunts, Pants ]
[ Sobbing ]
[ Breathing Heavily ]
[ Door Clangs ]
[ Phone Ringing ]
[ Ringing Continues ]
Yes?
[ Brody ]
It’s me.
I’m in Akbari’s office.
Brody, what have you done?
I killed him.
Get me out of here.
[ Soft Chuckle ]
[ Crickets Chirping ]
[ Bird Calling ]
[ Keys Clack, Bell Dings ]